Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Mariabell's dead...
The West and the East must unite
in the struggle for humanity's survival.
Against the Demon Lords.
Even though there is no other way
to protect humanity...
Hope is lost.
Please don't feel resentful.
Have faith...
Yeah...
I understand.
I'm not sure how much
time remains for me.
I can only pin my hopes
on that sliver of hope now...
Humanity. hero. demon lord...
I'm done playing nice. Luminus.
More than a month has passed
since the ruin expedition.
and the Mariabell incident has been
classified as an "accident"...
I imagine the Kingdom of Seltrosso
doesn't want to
make public the fact
that its princess attacked
an ally. either.
Granville Rosso remains eerily silent...
Although Yuuki hasn't made
any notable moves either.
there's no doubt he's still
working behind the scenes...
That said. it's not all bad.
Now that Mariabell
is no longer controlling the Council.
they've turned to us... or rather. to me.
for a new figure to rally around.
Phew...
So. Tempest is now the largest
faction in the Council...
Notice. there are many challenges ahead
for us on the international front.
Oh. well. Becoming the largest
faction in the Council
is a big step toward our ideals.
Right?
Shall we move on to business. then?
THAT TIME I GOT REINCARNATED
AS A SLIME SEASON 4
EPISODE 84: THE EVOLVING TEMPEST
Everyone. thank you for gathering here today!
I have big news to share with you all.
Henceforth. our Tempest will be...
...stepping into a new stage!
Stepping into a new stage?
Are we going to have another festival?
No. we're not!
Tempest is currently the largest
faction in the Council.
which means forming deep ties with
human societies in the Western world.
Therefore. it is time for
our country to evolve.
We will make Tempest
a constitutional state!
A constitutional state?
What does that mean. Master Rimuru?
It means a nation organized
according to the law.
Consider the law to be
the rules of the state.
and bear in mind that those rules
take precedence in everything.
Even over me. of course.
Even over you. Master Rimuru?!
Please hold on a minute...
What would happen if you were to violate
that so-called law. Master Rimuru?
Of course. I will be judged.
I cannot accept that!
Do we really have to go
to that extent to change?!
Well. please calm down now.
Monsters are strong compared
to humans and pose a threat.
If such monsters adopt
the rules of human society.
we can show them that we're safe.
This is a crucial step toward...
...the world Monster-and-Man
Cooperative Alliance that I aim for.
Well. let's break down
the details right away!
As I said earlier. to become
a nation governed by the law.
we will adopt a system that
divides power into three branches.
This is a principle called
the Separation of Powers.
Here it is!
Separation...
...of powers?
It consists of three branches:
the Legislative. which makes laws.
the Executive. which governs
the nation according to those laws.
and the Judicial. which administers
justice through the law.
To prevent centralized power.
they also serve to keep an eye
on each other.
LEGISLATION. EXECUTION. ADJUDICATION
Actually. I've asked Regurd. Rogurd.
and Rugurd to each take the lead.
Is everyone keeping up so far?
Of course!
Are you?
Sir!
You'll get a make-up class later!
That's exactly what I was hoping for!
I feel like you're
misunderstanding this.
Well. I'm also still studying this
with Rigurd. though.
Oh. speaking of which.
I'm going to set up
PROSECUTOR
a Prosecutor's Office in the executive branch
and a Court in the judicial branch...
COURT
But it's really tough to choose the right
people to lead these two bodies...
Is there a problem?
Yeah.
It's about...
ATTORNEY GENERAL
the Attorney General. who cracks down on crime.
and the Chief Justice
CHIEF JUSTICE OF THE SUPREME COURT
of the Supreme Court. who renders judgment.
Those are positions that are
likely to draw resentment.
Monsters. after all.
- You did something bad. so you're guilty.
obey the law of survival of the fittest.
So if we employ
- You know what that means?
a weaker monster to throw the book...
- Go to hell!
Whaaaaat?!
I see. It would be difficult
if they can't protect themselves.
Many races with strong administrative
skills are physically weak.
whereas combat-oriented races
often struggle with administration.
That's right...
What a dilemma.
Yeah...
Speaking of. we are in dire
need of one more person. actually...
Which is...
The military envoy
dispatched to the Council.
The military envoy?
The councilor who will take my place
in coordinating the Western nations.
I wonder who I should send...
Ideally. I'd like a mediator
who's smart. sociable.
has a certain degree of charisma.
and is also capable in combat.
But who here possesses such qualities...
Diablo?
That's true.
He's a good candidate.
Certainly. if that troublemaker
were to step down.
the importance of the First Secretary
would increase.
There couldn't be
a better candidate!
Getting personal. aren't you?
But. man.
He went looking for a subordinate
'cause he hated this kind of work.
Gaia...
Have you been
to the new cafeteria yet?
Yeah. that place's good.
Well. worrying about people
who aren't here is pointless.
This is the perfect time
for an inspection!
W-What on earth?!
What happened. Kurobe?!
Oh. Master Rimuru.
talk about perfect timing!
A sword?
Answer. It has evolved from
the Weapon: Broadsword...
...into the Magic Weapon:
Broadsword.
Magic Weapon?
Wait! Is that...
Yes. it is that!
The sword that you suggested
a while back is finally finished!
It is to your liking. right?
It works by inserting a core
into this hole to grant attributes.
And. there you go.
A magical weapon.
So. these are the cores?
That's right!
The core colors differ
according to their attributes.
I named them Elemental Cores.
and the effects change
based on how you combine them.
So. the explosion just now was...
Well. I'll show you one by one.
Let's start with just one fire core.
Wow!
And that's what you got.
Let's have fire and water.
One core each.
It won't output as much power.
I see.
Now. two fire cores
and one water's.
It will increase the power output tenfold.
That was indubitably
a steam explosion.
Notice.
Depending on which
Elemental Cores are combined.
it is estimated that its power could be
on par with a Legend-grade item.
Really?! That's awesome!
I bet there are other wild
combinations out there. too...
Oh. that's right!
There's also something
I wanted to show you. Kurobe.
Gold?! No. wait.
This glow must be...
It was glowing like this
during the last battle as well.
Answer. It's Divine Steel. Hihi'irokane.
Hihi'irokane?
So it is hihi'irokane!
It's a legendary metal said to possess
eternal and unchanging properties.
Wow. I didn't know that
this was such a big deal.
Would you call this
a Legend-grade item. then?
Master Rimuru.
this one is far beyond that...
Which is the level of a mythical-class.
The God-grade.
This one might as well
reach that level.
Huh?
Are you serious?!
What a piece of good news that was.
Got me pumped up!
The station construction's
also going smoothly there.
So this will be the path
that leads to Eurazania. huh?
All right!
ANIMAL KINGDOM OF EURAZANIA
Wow!
We're already this far along?!
Then. the next is...
Geld!
Hm?
Heya. long time no see!
Greetings. Master Rimuru!
Thank you for visiting us.
Be careful over there!
Yeah!
I can't believe the foundation
work is already done.
Yes.
The majins are giving their all.
And it's all thanks to your words
of encouragement. Master Rimuru.
My words?
Of course!
Actually. not long after
construction began.
many of the majins didn't seem to be
putting their all into their work.
Were they?
That was definitely a real test
for you as a boss...
It was.
So I decided to listen
to their complaints.
By that. do you mean...
Yes. We shared a drink.
Oh. right!
That reminds me.
I did have a drink with you. didn't I?
Yes!
Then. how was it?
I was able to hear
their honest feelings.
Since their time under Clayman's rule.
they fear that they would be purged
once we finished the construction.
I see...
They're just like us Orcs.
That's why I told them my own story.
About the sins we Orcs committed.
the demise of the Orc Lord.
and how you gave us a place
to call home. Master Rimuru.
So that's how it is.
We're progressing ahead of schedule.
Yeah. we can't let those guys.
...from the West District beat us.
- I'm really glad I entrusted you
as the site supervisor. Geld.
Thank you for your trust!
I am the one who is grateful
for the opportunity I was given.
Supervisor!
We're done here. could you
please come and have a look?
Sure!
Go ahead. Geld.
Sir!
Please excuse me.
I think I've done it according
to the instructions. but...
Now then. let's check out the rest.
BOUND FOR THALION
BOUND FOR ENGRASSIA
When people grow. technology advances.
and goods circulate
better among countries.
everyone will live more prosperously.
BOUND FOR DWARGON
I hope the connections
between countries will deepen.
BOUND FOR DWARGON
with Tempest at the center.
KINGDOM OF FALMENACE
Thank you for your visit.
Your Majesty Rimuru.
I was just inspecting
the progress of the track laying.
and I ended up visiting this site. too.
I see.
How was the situation on site?
Everyone is putting in
their best effort.
I see that you've been
giving it your all. too. Mjurran.
It's only natural when you consider
the national interest.
We'd like to be able to immediately
assist in the unlikely event of famine.
Isn't that impressive?
This totally puts me in a tough spot.
Surely you've been giving your all
in studying to become king as well. no?
Well. the thing is.
I have very strict teachers.
I envy you who can travel
around on your own.
Once Edgar grows up. I'll finally
break free from this stuffy king role.
Your Majesty Youm.
could you please mind your remarks?
Queen Mjur has been
blessed with a child.
It is the norm that the child is the one
who shall succeed to the throne.
Huh? Wait a minute...
A child...
Good heavens. Your Majesty...
Did you not inform the very person
who has done you such a great favor?
I mean...
You get me. right?
It's just. I felt a little embarrassed
to be the one to bear the news...
Good grief...
Congratulations. you both.
I'm truly happy for you.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Wait. so Grucius was...
It seems that the news was too much
of a shock for Commander Grucius.
I-I see...
My deepest condolences. Grucius.
Rimuru! Bad news!
Gosh. can't you chill?
Anyway. what's so sudden?
Just hurry back. all right?!
This is of the utmost importance.
Utmost importance. you say?
95TH FLOOR UNDERGROUND - RESEARCH FACILITY
Come on. hurry up!
Geez. you are so slow!
Over here. Rimuru!
Can you both just tell me what it is?
It's a really big deal!
Yeah! Just hurry up
and come here.
Okay. okay.
You both better not have called me
over here for some stupid reasons...
Hey. Veldora!
He's gone?
What are they up to now?
Whoa!
W-What is that?!
Is this what I think it is?
It is what you think this is!
It's finally finished!
This. is the prototype of...
Magitrain No. 0!
No. 0!
Huh? H-How?!
How is it. Rimuru?
You were surprised. right?
How is it moving?!
The power reactor isn't even...
Notice.
The elemental core of the Magitrain
is operating as its power source.
Is it really the elemental core?
I expect no less from you.
Master Rimuru.
You got it figured out. I see.
But how?! It's not something
that can be done so easily...
We thought so too.
Thanks to E.C. my masterpiece.
we've made a breakthrough!
The power core of Lady Ramiris'
Elemental Colossus...
...was based on the same theory
as the elemental core.
I see! Now that you mentioned it...
Guess what happened after we finished
analyzing your Master Core's design?
Before we knew it.
we had finished building a power reactor
that harnesses elemental power...
That is the elemental core.
That's an impressive feat
for such a short time...
I hope you don't forget
my achievements as well.
Pardon me. your achievements?
Yes.
Since this requires immense
firepower for practical use.
we had him summon a salamander.
That means the train couldn't
have operated without me.
So Veldora summoned a salamander...
It wasn't hassle-free. though.
Turns out. summoning a fire spirit
inside the furnace wasn't enough.
We also had to automate
the power control and stuff.
There were so many hurdles. but...
This is a huge victory
for Elemental Engineering!
Power control...?
Ah!
Whoa!
You all even got the pressure
of the boiler stable. too!
Looks like you've got everything
under perfect control!
I feel both happy and sad.
The elemental core I once
wanted to use for the Magisoldiers
has been completed this easily.
But look. it's because of that incident
that we are where we are today.
What we were lacking wasn't theory.
Because of that. I've acquired
the reactor of my dreams.
Hey. now!
Are the deployment tests
moving forward as well?
Yes.
We are working on this together
with the magic researchers.
Leave the environmental testing to us.
This is where our expertise
in Magic Research comes in.
So this is Thalion's Sorcerous Science...
We're done collecting
and analyzing the data. too.
You guys are...
They are the Vampire's Surmounter.
It's great that our Physics Engineering
came in handy!
He's quite a character.
Anyway. thanks to them.
we've finally got the theory sorted out.
Which means. what's left is actually...
Yeah!
We just have to wait until
the rails are finished!
We can do a test run anytime!
The theory is taking shape with
all kinds of environments simulated
and with the data analyzed.
If even one piece is missing.
we wouldn't have made it this far...
This is the pinnacle of our
technological expertise!
And... go!
Whoa!
By the way. Master...
Now that the prototype's done.
it is worth celebrating.
How should I say it...
I wish we could throw a party for this.
You can bet I'd say a loud yes!
Let's throw a big one today!
♪ Things like peace of mind and joy ♪
♪ I was enveloped in such emotions ♪
♪ We can talk later ♪
♪ After the wind has died down a bit ♪
♪ Days gone by. leaving
the trails they wove ♪
♪ Tomorrow will surely be irreplaceable ♪
♪ Where have the greedy
clouds drifted off to? ♪
♪ If no one can tell. then ♪
♪ Walk on your way ♪
♪ Embrace this very moment ♪
♪ One step ahead of your future ♪
♪ Continuing this story ♪
She is hatching. She is hatching!
Milim?!
Rimuru. we have an emergency!
She is hatching soon!
W-What should I do?!
C-Calm down. Milim!
Oh my!
I'll bring some clothes!
♪ I'll believe in you ♪
♪ Repeating the next step ♪
♪ I want to layer the sky
etched in my memory ♪
♪ Let's go together ♪
♪ Walk on your way ♪
Gaia...
♪ One step ahead of your future ♪
There are many challenges
we need to overcome.
But even so...
Everyone. meet my friend. Gaia!
Welcome to Tempest!
We're happy to have you here!
THAT TIME I GOT REINCARNATED
AS A SLIME SEASON 4
Next time: New Friends.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm